




Exercises With Variables

Exercises with inputs and outputs

Exercises with Arithmatic operators

Exercises with relational operators

Exercises with logical operators

Exercises with bitwise operators



 

Exercises with if statement

Exercises with if else statement

Exercises with nested if 


Exercises with switch statement

Exercises with conditional statement

Exercises with for loop

Exercises with while loop


Exercises with do while loop

Exercises with foreach loop or ranged-based loop


Exercises with break statement

Exercises with continue statement

Exercises with return statement

Exercises with enums

Exercises with structs

Exercises with functions

problem with arrays

Exercises with error handing


problems with enums

Exercises with file structure







Structure of the program
print number on screen
print string on screen
print float on screen
print double on screen
print long on screen
print bool on screen
print integer on screen
print enum on screen
read intger from user
read float 
read double
read bool 
read long
read short
read character
read string from user
read array of floats
read array of double
read array of character
read array of string
read array of booleans
read array of intgers
print array of floats
print array of double
print array of string
print array of characters
print array of integers
print array of booleans

